README.md, before:

# Chart Visualizer (C++)

A graphics-based chart visualizer developed in C++ using graphics.h.
This project supports 10 different chart types for data visualization.

## Charts Implemented
- Bar Chart
- Pie Chart
- Line Chart
- Donut Chart
- Scatter Plot
- Area Chart
- Column Chart
- Histogram
- Stacked Bar Chart
- Multi-Line Chart

## Technologies Used
- C++
- graphics.h (BGI)
- Turbo C++ / WinBGIm
- Dev C++ with graphics header installed

## How to Run
1. Install a compiler that supports graphics.h (Turbo C++ or WinBGIm)
2. Open the source file from `src/main.cpp`
3. Compile and run the program
4. Enter input values as prompted

## Output
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083358.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083409.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083421.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083431.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083443.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083454.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083507.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083516.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083748.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083757.png)

Commit message:

Add demo video and screenshots to README
Added a demo video section with a link to the video and updated screenshots.

README.md, after:

# Chart Visualizer (C++)

A graphics-based chart visualizer developed in C++ using graphics.h.
This project supports 10 different chart types for data visualization.

## Charts Implemented
- Bar Chart
- Pie Chart
- Line Chart
- Donut Chart
- Scatter Plot
- Area Chart
- Column Chart
- Histogram
- Stacked Bar Chart
- Multi-Line Chart

## Technologies Used
- C++
- graphics.h (BGI)
- Turbo C++ / WinBGIm
- Dev C++ with graphics header installed

## How to Run
1. Install a compiler that supports graphics.h (Turbo C++ or WinBGIm)
2. Open the source file from `src/main.cpp`
3. Compile and run the program
4. Enter input values as prompted

## Output
## Demo Video

Click the image below to watch a short demo of the Chart Visualizer in action:

[![Demo Video](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083358.png)](demo/demo.mp4)
## ScreenShots
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083358.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083409.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083421.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083431.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083443.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083454.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083507.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083516.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083748.png)
![Chart Output](Screenshots/Screenshot%202026-02-01%20083757.png)
